The main goal of the weekly recurring community support meeting is to ensure those in Solid roles (except user panelists) are engaging constructively with the Solid community, as well as providing the governance,guidance, and resources necessary to foster the ecosystem.

20191117_Weekly Community Support Meeting
| Agenda  | Minutes |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Update on full transparency of minutes from now on review community Support Meeting and Agenda.md pull request  | Confirmed.  |
| Update on merge of community readme and roles pull requests  | Confirmed. |
| Update on gitter solid/team on gitter  | Confirmed. |
| Discuss https://github.com/solid/community/issues/7 as a way to close issues that are not resolved  | Ok to leave issue or pull request open if the item is not fixed. However, items which are open and a resolution has been found should be closed.  |
| Discuss how to interact with W3C  | Solid W3C rep responsible for understanding what is going on and convey that to the organisation. Would be useful to talk about the relationship with W3C directly. Would be useful to include a description of the interaction on the community repo.|
| Discuss any further items to be published on community repo and www.solidproject.org  | Mention any affiliations of Solid team members.  |
| Discuss the goals and values of Solid.  | Community manager to write up notes in the closed wiki to review within the team next week before sharing externally for feedback.  |
