# Solid Community

The community is working on the open source initiative of Solid with
Community Leader Tim Berners-Lee. In order to promote transparency
around the Solid community issues around governance will be documented
in this community repository.

## Table of Contents
 * [Mission and Values](#mission-and-values) 
 * [Plan](#plan) 
 * [Community Roles](#community-roles)
 * [Checks and Balances](#checks-and-balances) 
 * [Processes](#processes)
 * [Tools](#tools) 
 * [Events](#events)
 * [Advisory Board](#advisory-board) 


## Mission and Values
To give individuals control over their data when using the web to open up innovation on the web. 

## Plan

The Solid plan is defined in the plan.md of the Solid community
repo. To make suggestions for changes please submit a pull request or
an issue on github. Suggestions will be incorporated depending on the
decision of the community leader and implemented by the community
manager.

## Community Roles

You can find a list of the various roles within the Solid community
here as well as the responsibilities associated with each
role. Individuals will be appointed to the roles by the community
leader.

The Solid panel engages in continuous tests to improve the user
experience. When a test is set up by the Solid panel coordinators the
community manager will reach out to the Solid panel to ask if they
would like to participate in this test. Tests will take approximately
half an hour each on average. If the user tester is available and
willing to take the test, they will be sent instructions by the Solid
panel coordinators. Solid panelist can withdraw from the panel at any
point. To volunteer to become a Solid panelist contact the community
manager.


## Checks and Balances


To suggest a change to the Solid code, submit a pull request. 

Solid has a code of conduct which all community members must keep in
mind when contributing to Solid. If you would like to report an issue
around the code of conduct or have a concern about Solid governance,
please contact the community manager or submit an issue using the
github tag ‘code of conduct report’.

To make suggestions around governance, roles, plans, review process,
themes to discuss at Solid Online or for the advisory board please
contact the community manager or submit an issue. The community
manager will add the ‘governance suggestion’ to those issues. Reports
will be ultimately judged by the community leader.

Reports and suggestions will be ultimately judged by the community
leader and implemented by the community manager.

## Processes 

If you are working on an issue assign yourself to that issue to let
everyone you are working on it. The project release manager is
responsible for releases and therefore the decision to merge a pull
request to a release branch will be made by the project release
manager.


## Tools

* Chat 
  * Discourse: To get started introduce yourself and get to know others in the community. 
  * Gitter 
  * Reddit


## Events

Solid events are run by community members in various cities around the
world. Solid events provide an opportunity for community members to
meet and talk about Solid in person. Find out about Solid events near
you or start a Solid event and let others know about it here.

To facilitate inclusion of all interested parties the community
manager organises Solid Online monthly event where anyone can tune in
for a one-hour conversation around a set theme. To propose a theme for
Solid Online conversations, contact the community manager.


## Advisory Board

The Solid advisory board has the role of constructing a plan on how to
uphold the original Solid values and mission. The plan needs to
promote efficient, effective, inclusive, and transparent
governance. The Solid advisory board should submit the plan to the
community leader via the community manager.

Advisory board members will be appointed by the Community Leader with
the support of the Community Manager. Once the plan has been submitted
the advisory board will be dismantled.

The advisory board will take part in several workshops to discuss the
governance issues together. The community manager will be coordinating
the workshops. If you would like to suggest an issue to be addressed
by the advisory board, please contact the community manager.

